I wanted to read for you, a
section from Ron Russell's book.
The journey of Robert Monroe.
It's a great read you learn so
much about the history of the
Institute and you learn so much
about Bob Monroe, but this
particular quote comes from
Leslie, France. And I think it's
so telling. She says among the
staff we often spoke of Bob in
terms of which personality
aspect. He was expressing at the
moment uncle, Bob or dad
businessman Bob good old boy Bob
Cosmic, Bob Paranoid, Bob
Performer, Bob. These were the
main Bob's I knew but not by far
the only Bob's. One soon
learned to take advantage of
a determining which Bob was
present before attempting
communication. It could
change on a dime.
She adds, the juggling bobs
caused the staff much
frustration businessman Bob's
antiques down from the black
hole as we called his office
in the cabin and Roberts
Mountain. Some other Bob
refuted. The Edixon Paranoid
Bob railed against the
untrusted worthiness of the
staff who failed to follow the
*****
One time businessman Bob,
She described it as the
personification the 1950s ethic.
Sly heart unemotional in pursuit
of the dollar.
And this was whom Leslie
expected to encounter when
she was summoned to a meeting
in the centres dining room
with Bob and Ron Harris.
She was the first to arrive and
she sat down to wait and the
others came together. Bob
carrying a yellow legal pad
covered with his customary
big, black lettering.
Soon we were settling ants
and I glanced it Bob.
At that moment he caught my eye.
And the most extraordinary
thing happened.
I felt as though he and I
were transported into
another awareness and a
stream of communication
issued from his gaze
directly into my
consciousness.
The stream contained words and
feelings it said isn't this fun.
This referd to the entire
human drama, as well as our
little meeting and was
accompanied by the lightest
sense of fun and mischief,
which I saw reflected in the
sparkling eyes across from me.
I had encountered cosmic Bob.
I think all of us have been
beneficiaries of. Of cosmic Bob
for sure. There's no question
about it. That's why we keep
coming back isn't it.
And that's his gift.